TASK 0: 0-putchar.c - This file Writes a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

TASK 1: 1-alphabet.c- This file Writes a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

TASK 2: 2-print_alphabet_x10.c - This file Writes a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

TASK 3: 3-islower.c - This file  Writes a function that checks for lowercase character.

TASK 4: 4-isalpha.c- This file Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

TASK 5: 5-sign.c- This file Write a function that prints the sign of a number

TASK 6: 6-abs.c- This file Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

TASK 7: 7-print_last_digit.c- This file Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

TASK 8: 8-24_hours.c- This file Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59

TASK 9: 9-times_table.c- This file Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

TASK 10: 10-add.c- This file Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

TASK 11: 11-print_to_98.c- This file Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line 

TASK 12: 100-times_table.c- This file Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

TASK 13: 101-natural.c- This file If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

TASK 14: 102-fibonacci.c- This file Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line. 

TASK 15: 103-fibonacci.c- This file Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

TASK 16: 104-fibonacci.c- This file Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.


